Own thoughts:

- Idea: korkeakoulutettujen työllistyminen 1v valmistumisen jälkeen per opiskeluala/paikkakunta, päätoimiset työlliset

- Kuinka lähellä alithetojen on oltava pääthetaa? Implikaatiot aiheenvalintaan: pääaineet vai asuinalueet? Alkoholi esimerkki. Asuinalue (Hki) - Pääaineet tai pääaineet (esim. kauppatiede) ja eri kaupungit (hki, allpeenranta yms.)

- Jos aihe ok, niin onko realistista, että hyperparametri olisi betajakautunut ja likelihood (työllistyminen annettuna theta) olisi binomijakautunut --> Olisi konjugaatit jakaumat, jolloin posteriori olisi beta. Vai kannattaako miettiä vielä?

-----------------------------

Assistant's advice:

Is the idea ok?
A: Most of you ideas are good. In the hierarchial model, we need to have a connection, something in common such as exam and its scores that everyone takes. From that perspective it makes more sense to compare different universities from same field.

It is said that we should use multiple models, what does that mean?
A: Reuired so that you don't use for example only linear regression. Your idea should be perfectly fine. You could use different metrics for models, let's say 10 metrics. Models could be hiearchiacl, non-hierarchial and more complicated hierarchial.

How to make the hierarchial model more complex?
A: Add more features such as the happiness, how long does it take to find a job (not in our dataset) What we have is gender, which could be interesting.

Which distributions should we use?
A: Flexible as long as the distribution makes sense. Don't select discrete for continuous data. Always look data, interpret the output and if that makes sense for your next input. The chosen distribution of the hyperparameter has implications for the subparameters' distributions - they have to be connected in some sense.

How much data?
A: Minimum constraint: More complex model, the more data you need. Use as much data as you can, you can filter down. Usually students select too complex models and too much data. Start small and scale from there.

